chaos and fear grip Northern Gaza as
Palestinians crumble for
safety seeking Refuge from Relentless
bombardment the Israeli Army has fired
on the Kamal Advan Hospital building in
B lahia forcing patients and medical
staff to
flee among those evacuated are premature
babies and bedridden patients with
chronic illness
I really do not know what they mean by
this there is no explanation for the
attack on medical facilities it's out of
hubris thuggery and barbarism the
Israelis are acting according to their
desire and no one is able to hold them
to account this patient for example has
a fractured hip really I don't know what
to
say the Kamal Adan hospital has been
targeted by Israeli forces since Sunday
despite International laws protecting
hospitals staff say they have been
intentionally
targeted this is the last facility that
provides Medical Services in the north
of the Gaza Strip it's clear that this
barbaric attack was targeting on duty
medical staff in the reception and
emergency section this is further
evidence of the barbaric nature of the
occupation the Israeli military
offensive is ramping up across the Gaza
Strip what a drone attack in the yep
refugee camp killed young Palestinians
venturing out to find
food survivors were taken to the barely
functioning kuti Hospital in
Rafa the 7-month Israeli assault on Gaza
has already devastated most of the strip
and caused a dire humanitarian
crisis The intensifying Siege is also
causing severe food shortages pushing
Palestinians dangerously close to
famine Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer